Entities:

Character Template:
	Starting power points (hp/mp/etc.)
	Metrics
	graphics (Sprite)
	hud graphic (also Sprite.  e.g. face that appears in dialog/near health bar?)
	ID

Character Instance:
	Alignment
	Current power stats (base on starting stats)
	Mode / misc. state variables
	Position
	Current room (pointer)

Room:
	Tilemap for scenery
	Tilemap for lighting

	Items to add (differs based on difficulty)
	NPCs to add (same)
	
	Exits

	Top-left corner world coordinates position.


Tile Map:
	Tiles - actual graphics
	Blockers - used to limit character movement.  e.g. walls.


Sprite Template:
	graphics
	# frames
	interval - time in passed frames a frame changes
	loop - loops?


Sprite Instance:
	current frame
	frame counter
	done?


Item Template:
	item graphic
	item id


Item Instance:
	In world? or in inventory?


Inventory:
	item[6]
	



Control Flow:

-Load data file.
-Parse out Characters, Rooms, Tilemaps, Sprites, Items,  Odds and ends.
-Create controller structure, which will keep track of mapping, currently pressed keys, etc.
-Set game mode to "check controls"
-Start main loop:
-  Take in input.  translate it to a controller structure.
-  Depending on game mode, follow through appropriate processing for given frame, using loaded data, mode/state variables for keeping track of things.
-  If main mode:
	Process each character currently active in roster, step animations, actions, movements, etc.
	Add sprites in their current states to a render list
	Render sprites in order to main surface.
-  Update window
-  Wait until next frame

-Free everything.
-Exit.




Game play:

Character spawns at starting point.
Character may move around.
Player can press attack button to execute strike based on selected weapon.
Player can press jump to leap in air, or dodge if directional is pressed.
NPCs (only NPCs for now) may be attacked.
If player is attacked, 2 sec. of invicibility is triggered.
If NPC is defeated, an item may appear in its place after it's dissapeared.  Exp points added to.
Message is triggered with earned exp points, picked up items, level ups, etc.
Emphasis should be put on strong, difficult enemies, with specific attack/evade patterns.
In general, game play overall needs to be simple, responsive, tactile.  Needs to require skill.
Playable Character types: knight, mage, elf, ogre.
NPCs, includes Playable types, + elemental types, large monsters, 

We want skill over chance.



### 03-02-17:
  
  After title screen,
	[player may select # players, which will lead to menu waiting to gather other players ],
	player selects race, gender, and class of character.
	player then selects GAME TYPE.
	
	Game commences once all players are gathered.
	
	
	
	
  Game Types:
    Capture holy grail.  
		AI CLASS A:  go after the grail.
		AI CLASS B:  go to were grail is located 
		AI CLASS C:  attack any member of some other team, go to random locations.
	Slay the evil world monster.
		A monster comes in and brings in minions.
		It is hiding, but its minions roam about everywhere in addition to regular npc's.
		Players must hunt for energy pearls located at all ANCIENT STORES.
			Either an energy pearl is left alone in a store, or it has been stolen by
			an overpowered minion that roams nearby.  Emphasis on overpowered.  when defeated,
			the minion will let out the pearl of energy and some helper items.
			
			We don't want the player to waste time frutlessly with dead ends, so that's why 
			EVERY ancient store.  We want skill over chance.
			
		When 50% or 75% of energy pearls have been collected, which ever team has 
		the most pearls will be teleported to a separate realm (battlefield) ( this will create an announcement ) where they will
		face the monster.  every other team gets to fight at least the mosters brother/sister
		that just happened along.
			
	
	
  Ancient Store:
	Locations all around the world were old energy/magic has been stored.  Elders remotely restrict/allow public access in times of disaster.


